New level created (#7)
JithinKS97/ethernaut: client/src/gamedata/en/descriptions/levels/gatekeeper3_complete.md

> Nice job! For moreinformation read this: https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/JavaScript-API#web3ethgetstorageat and this https://medium.com/loom-network/ethereum-solidity-memory-vs-storage-how-to-initialize-an-array-inside-a-struct-184baf6aa2eb .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nice job! For moreinformation read this: https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.9/web3-eth.html?highlight=getStorageAt#getstorageat and this https://medium.com/loom-network/ethereum-solidity-memory-vs-storage-how-to-initialize-an-array-inside-a-struct-184baf6aa2eb .
```
